README.md, before:

# NoSql Fitness Tracker

## Description 
The goal of this assignment was to create a workout tracker using a Mongo database with a Mongoose scheme and handle routes with Express. I was given starter code for the front end, but had to create the routes to get, post, put and delete to and from the NoSQL database.

## User Story
"As a user, I want to be able to view create and track daily workouts. I want to be able to log multiple exercises in a workout on a given day. I should also be able to track the name, type, weight, sets, reps, and duration of exercise. If the exercise is a cardio exercise, I should be able to track my distance traveled."  

## Acceptance Criteria
When the user loads the page, they should be given the option to create a new workout or continue with their last workout.

The user should be able to: add exercises to the most recent workout plan, add new exercises to a new workout plan, view the combined weight of multiple exercises from the past seven workouts on the `stats` (Dashboard) page, and view the total duration of each workout from the past seven workouts on the `stats` (Dashboard) page.

## Usage
[Here](https://best-nosql-fitness-tracker.herokuapp.com/) is a link to the deployed application.  
[Here](https://github.com/go-yasi/NoSql-Fitness-Tracker) is a link to the GitHub repository containing the application code.  
Below is an image of the application home page: 
![Screenshot of NoSQL Fitness Tracker homepage](./nosql-fitness-tracker-screenshot.png)

## Conclusion

Commit message:

Updated README file to include a conclusion of what I learned by working on this project :)

README.md, after:

# NoSQL Fitness Tracker

## Description 
The goal of this assignment was to create a workout tracker using a Mongo (NoSQL) database with a Mongoose scheme and handle routes with Express. I was given starter code for the front end, but had to create the routes to get, post, put, and delete to and from the database.

## User Story
"As a user, I want to be able to view create and track daily workouts. I want to be able to log multiple exercises in a workout on a given day. I should also be able to track the name, type, weight, sets, reps, and duration of exercise. If the exercise is a cardio exercise, I should be able to track my distance traveled."  

## Acceptance Criteria
When the user loads the page, they should be given the option to create a new workout or continue with their last workout. The user should be able to: add exercises to the most recent workout plan, add new exercises to a new workout plan, view the combined weight of multiple exercises from the past seven workouts on the `stats` (Dashboard) page, and view the total duration of each workout from the past seven workouts on the `stats` (Dashboard) page.

## Usage
[Here](https://best-nosql-fitness-tracker.herokuapp.com/) is a link to the deployed application.  
[Here](https://github.com/go-yasi/NoSql-Fitness-Tracker) is a link to the GitHub repository containing the application code.  
Here is a simple walkthrough demonstrating the application's functionality:  
![GIF of user interacting with NoSQL Fitness Tracker site](./NoSQL_Fitness_Tracker-by-Yasi_Moshtael.gif)

## Conclusion
I enjoyed developing this application because it gave me the opportunity to practice working with a NoSQL database, specifically MongoDB (with the Mongoose ORM). In the process, I learned some of the many advantages of using a NoSQL database: 
- They can handle large volumes of structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data (therefore creating dynamic schemas!).
- The are non-relational, which makes them more flexible and less restrictive.
- They make it easy to implement object-oriented coding paradigms such as ES6.
  
After having worked both with SQL and NoSQL databases, I now know that I personally prefer using a relational (SQL) data structure. While NoSQL databases can be considered "easier" to use because they are non-relational and are more flexible in terms of document structure, I still prefer structured query language and predefined schemas!
